docs: add mocking requests section with msw stuff (#322)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/mocking-requests.md

# Mocking Requests

> We write tests in order to be able to ship with confidence. The more underlying behavior we mock, the less confidence we get since the system is less closer to real usage.
> 
> Mocking network requests is one of those tricky aspects of running tests in a non-browser environment. Web API's are not available so now we need to mock or install something that mocks this behavior.
> 
> There are various tools for this job, but which one do you choose?
> 
> We recommend [Mock Service Worker](https://mswjs.io/) to mock network requests. It handles both `REST` and `GraphQL` type of network requests and is framework agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Vitest runs in Node, mocking network requests is tricky; web APIs are not available ,so we need something that will mimic network behavior for us. We recommend [Mock Service Worker](https://mswjs.io/) to accomplish this. It will let you mock both `REST` and `GraphQL` network requests, and is framework agnostic.
```

I think these four paragraphs can be condensed down to this:
* The first paragraph I think we can remove because it's a little generic about testing and mocking in general. If we want to include this, I think it probably belongs further "up" the documentation
* The third paragraph, posing a question to the reader, can be removed, too, as we're just going to answer it immediately.
* The second and fourth ones are combined

> Mock Service Worker (or MSW in short) uses [Service Worker API](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/primers/service-workers) to intercept requests. It has a variety of use cases but also offers functionality specifically for `node`. It won't magically make `service workers API` available for non-browser environments, but instead relies on [node-request-interceptor](https://mswjs.io/docs/api/setup-server#operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mock Service Worker (MSW) works by intercepting the requests your tests make, allowing you to use it without changing any of your application code. In-browser, this uses the [Service Worker API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API). In Node.js, and for Vitest, it uses [node-request-interceptor](https://mswjs.io/docs/api/setup-server#operation). To learn more about MSW, read their [introduction](https://mswjs.io/docs/)
```

Reviewer: I re-read the MSW docs and looked at the code samples; I think the description of it using the Service Worker API isn't quite right; I think this is probably a more accurate description that both shows readers where the name came from and explains how it works for Node

> To read more about MSW, read their [introduction](https://mswjs.io/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Configuration

> Add the following to your (test) setup file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to your test [setup file](/config/#setupfiles)
```

I could go either way on this, but as setup files aren't necessarily part of a standard setup, I think we should link to the config for them. Otherwise, I think we should just treat this as "add to the top of your test file"

```js

> import { beforeAll, afterAll, afterEach } from 'vitest';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { beforeAll, afterAll, afterEach } from 'vitest'
```

While I prefer trailing semicolons for everything, the rest of this doc doesn't have them. We should have consistency throughout the doc.

# Mocking Requests

> Because Vitest runs in Node, mocking network requests is tricky; web APIs are not available ,so we need something that will mimic network behavior for us. We recommend [Mock Service Worker](https://mswjs.io/) to accomplish this. It will let you mock both `REST` and `GraphQL` network requests, and is framework agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Vitest runs in Node, mocking network requests is tricky; web APIs are not available, so we need something that will mimic network behavior for us. We recommend [Mock Service Worker](https://mswjs.io/) to accomplish this. It will let you mock both `REST` and `GraphQL` network requests, and is framework agnostic.
```

Reviewer: Fix my typo 😝

# Mocking Requests

> When it comes to mocking network requests, our recommendation is to use [Mock Service Worker](https://mswjs.io/). It handles various types of network requests (like `REST` or `GraphQL`) and is completely framework agnostic.

Reviewer: When I read different network requests, REST vs GraphQL isn't what comes to mind; they're both HTTP requests. What comes to mind for me is Websocket vs HTTP requests; can MSW do websocket requests, too? If not, maybe some context setting needs to be done that this is HTTP request mocking

## Why

We write tests in order to be able to ship with confidence. The more underlying behavior we mock, the less confidence we get since the system is less closer to real usage.

> Mock Service Worker (MSW) on the other hand, does not mock any underlying behavior. What it does instead, it uses [Service Worker API](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/primers/service-workers) to intercept these requests.

Reviewer 2: Updated and incorporated previous comments. Let me know what you think about this direction 🙂

> To read more about why to choose Mock Service Worker: [Introduction to MSW](https://mswjs.io/docs/).

Reviewer 2: Updated, just not through this commit.

## Configuration

> Create a `handlers.ts` file to specify the requests that need intercepting

Reviewer 2: Agree, file names in itself are also highly subjective. So with the new setup we don't need the it anyways, we let the user decide.

```js
import { rest } from 'msw'
import { posts } from './src/mocks/posts'

export const handlers = [
  rest.get('url-to-be-captured', (req, res, ctx) => {

>     return res(ctx.status(200), ctx.json(posts))

Reviewer: It looks like this comment got lost with the others as it was hidden in the GitHub UI. Can you take another look at this?

Thanks!

  }),
]
```

Create a `server.ts` file to add the handlers to a MSW server

```js
import { setupServer } from 'msw/node'
import { handlers } from './handlers'

// add handlers to the MSW server

> export const server = setupServer(...handlers)

Reviewer 2: Updated it to all be one file (as you could theoretically just add everything to your setup file as is.

```

Add the following to your (test) setup file

```js
import { server } from './mocks/server'

// Start server before all tests
beforeAll(() => server.listen({ onUnhandledRequest: 'error' }))

//  Close server after all tests
afterAll(() => server.close())

// Reset handlers after each test `important for test isolation`
afterEach(() => server.resetHandlers())
```

> You can find more information on the the `onUnhandledRequest` option [here](https://mswjs.io/docs/recipes/debugging-uncaught-requests)

Reviewer: Per #279, the docs should be self-contained. If this is important enough to call out, we should describe it here (possibly as an aside) and link to the MSW docs a way for readers to see the full documentation.

Reviewer 2: Removed link and explained it's purpose in a call-out. Do you feel this makes it better? Maybe the link itself could be added for them as a further reference.

## Example

We have a full working example which uses MSW: [React Testing with MSW](https://github.com/vitest-dev/vitest/tree/main/test/react-testing-lib-msw).

## More

> There is much more to MSW. You can go access cookies, query parameters, define mock error responses and much more! We highly recommend to read [their documentation](https://mswjs.io/docs/recipes) to dive in further, as it is a very extensive and powerfull tool. MSW is as close as you are going to get to "mock" **real** networks requests in your test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is much more to MSW. You can access cookies and query parameters, define mock error responses, and much more! To see all you can do with MSW, read [their documentation](https://mswjs.io/docs/recipes).
```

* Cleaned up second sentence, and removed the extra "hype" for MSW as I felt it was a tonal departure and felt out-of-place, focusing the conclusion on how great MSW is as opposed to Vitest and network mocking.

# Mocking Requests

When it comes to mocking network requests, we recommend you using [Mock Service Worker](https://mswjs.io/).

You can mock both REST and GraphQL APIs using Mock Service Worker. It is also framework agnostic!

## Why

We write tests in order to be able to ship with confidence. The more underlying behavior we mock, the less confidence we get since the system is less closer to real usage.

Mock Service Worker (MSW) on the other hand, does not mock any underlying behavior. When you make requests in your tests, you are making **real** requests. What it does instead, it uses [Service Worker API](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/primers/service-workers) to intercept these requests.

To read more about why to choose Mock Service Worker: [Introduction to MSW](https://mswjs.io/docs/).

## How

As mentioned above, MSW takes uses Service Worker API to intercept the requests. There are a few things we need to do in order for our requests to be intercepted.

> 1. We first need to define the specific requests we want to intercept, where we also return the mock data.

Reviewer 3: yeah 👌👌👌

  }),
]
```

2. We need to configure a Service Worker with the handlers we defined.

```js
// ./src/mocks/server.ts
import { setupServer } from 'msw/node'
import { handlers } from './handlers'

// This configures a Service Worker with the given request handlers.
export const server = setupServer(...handlers)
```

3. The last step is just to start the server! 

Starting and closing the server is done in a setup file which runs everytime before the tests.

```js
// ./src/setup.ts
import { server } from './mocks/server'

// Start server before all tests
// onUnhandledRequest is set to "error", meaning an error will be thrown if we make requests that we haven't defined in the handlers (important since we don't want to make real requests).
beforeAll(() => server.listen({ onUnhandledRequest: 'error' }))

//  Close server after all tests
afterAll(() => server.close())

// Reset handlers after each test which is important for test isolation.
afterEach(() => server.resetHandlers())
```

## Example

We have a full working example which uses MSW: [React Testing with MSW](https://github.com/vitest-dev/vitest/tree/main/test/react-testing-lib-msw).

> ## More

Reviewer: At the top of the doc, you say you can mock REST requests and GraphQL requests specifically, and so far both this example and the example in these docs are both REST requests. As a reader, I'd want to know how to mock a GraphQL request here, too. I'd love to see a GraphQL example added to this code, and this description expanded to describe that they'll see both setup for MSW and MSW testing for both a REST and GraphQL endpoint for a React app.
